LSP2: (related to [WP-D24]) Improve description of `valueContent` for the case of arrays (#160)
lukso-network/LIPs: LSPs/LSP-2-ERC725YJSONSchema.md

### `valueContent`

The `valueContent` of a LSP2 Schema describes how to interpret the content of the returned *decoded* value.

> Knowing how to interpret the data retrieved under a data key is relevant to understand how to handle it. Interfaces can use the `valueContent` to adapt their behaviour or know how to display data fetched from an ERC725Y smart contract. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Knowing how to interpret the data retrieved under a data key is the first step in understanding how to handle it. Interfaces can use the `valueContent` to adapt their behaviour or know how to display data fetched from an ERC725Y smart contract. 
```
